Refactor rtde parsing (#419)
UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_Client_Library: doc/architecture/rtde_client.rst

guide <https://www.universal-robots.com/articles/ur-articles/real-time-data-exchange-rtde-guide/>`_
on which elements are available.

The recipes can be either passed as a filename or as a list of strings directly. E.g. the
following will work

.. code-block:: c++

   rtde_interface::RTDEClient my_client(
     ROBOT_IP,
     notifier,
     {"timestamp", "actual_q"},
     {"speed_slider_mask", "speed_slider_fraction"}
   );

.. note::

>    Remember, that ``timestamp`` always has to be part of the output recipe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``timestamp`` will always be a part of the output recipe and will be added afterwards, if not defined. As the ``timestamp`` used for verifying the connectivity.
```
